README.md, before:

Install Scripts for a new machine
==============

Some of these scripts can be opened from the web:

1.  [BoxStarter](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-Setup.ps1)
2.  [BoxStarter VS Extensions](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-VS_Extensions.ps1)


Suggested order in which to run these scripts:

1. [BoxStarter](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-Setup.ps1)
2. Disable Hyper-V
3. Copy Configs
4. [BoxStarter VS Extensions](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-VS_Extensions.ps1)


In order to run a powershell script from the command line
`powershell -file Disable_Hyper-v.ps1`


[Min Install](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-Min.ps1)

![Task](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/images/task.png)
![Start](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/images/start.png)

Commit message:

Add new script to the readme.  Update the order of the tabs.  Rename tab script.

README.md, after:

Install Scripts for a new machine
==============

Some of these scripts can be opened from the web:

1.  [BoxStarter](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-Setup.ps1)
2.  [BoxStarter VS Extensions](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-VS_Extensions.ps1)
3.  [BoxStarter Pin Tabs](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-PinnedTabs.ps1)


Suggested order in which to run these scripts:

1. [BoxStarter](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-Setup.ps1)
2. Disable Hyper-V
3. Copy Configs
5. [BoxStarter Pin Tabs](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-PinnedTabs.ps1)
4. [BoxStarter VS Extensions](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-VS_Extensions.ps1)



In order to run a powershell script from the command line `powershell -file Disable_Hyper-v.ps1`


[Min Install](http://boxstarter.org/package/nr/url?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/BoxStarter-Min.ps1)

![Task](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/images/task.png)
![Start](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jquintus/QuintusInstall/master/images/start.png)
